README.md, before:

# MoneyTackerTaskForceChallenge
Expense-Income tracker is a web bases application that efficiently manage their financial transactions. With features like detailed expense categorization, budget tracking, and insightful visual reports, this app is perfect for anyone looking to gain control over their finance

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



## Features

### 1. Track Transactions

- Record all income and expense transactions from each account like Momo, Bank, Cash,....
- View and manage your financial history .

### 2. Generate Reports

- Generate detailed financial reports for a specific time range.
- Reports include summaries of income, expenses.

### 3. Budget Management

- Set a budget to help control your spending.
- Receive notifications if your spending exceeds the set budget.

### 4. Categories and Subcategories

- User can create categories and subcategories to organize expenses in meaningful manner 
- Link expenses to relevant categories or subcategories for better tracking.

### 5. Visualized Transaction Summary

- Visualize your financial data through graphs and charts.
- Gain insights into spending patterns, category distribution, and trends over time.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Technologies:**

**Backend**

Node.js: Handles server-side logic, API endpoints, and database operations.

**Frontend**

React: Provides a dynamic and responsive user interface.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How to access the application?
-----------------------------------

To access the application go to: https://fluffy-trifle-616728.netlify.app/

How to get a help
----------------------------
If you have any issue concern mail @uwingapassy@gmail.com

Commit message:

added same comment in README FILE

README.md, after:

# MoneyTackerTaskForceChallenge
Expense-Income tracker is a web bases application that efficiently manage their financial transactions. With features like detailed expense categorization, budget tracking, and insightful visual reports, this app is perfect for anyone looking to gain control over their finance

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



## Features

### 1. Track Transactions

- Record all income and expense transactions from each account like Momo, Bank, Cash,....
- View and manage your financial history .

### 2. Generate Reports

- Generate detailed financial reports for a specific time range.
- Reports include summaries of income, expenses.

### 3. Budget Management

- Set a budget to help control your spending.
- Receive notifications if your spending exceeds the set budget.

### 4. Categories and Subcategories

- User can create categories and subcategories to organize expenses in meaningful manner 
- Link expenses to relevant categories or subcategories for better tracking.

### 5. Visualized Transaction Summary

- Visualize your financial data through graphs and charts.
- Gain insights into spending patterns, category distribution, and trends over time.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Technologies:**

**Backend**

Node.js: Handles server-side logic, API endpoints, and database operations.

**Frontend**

React: Provides a dynamic and responsive user interface.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How to access the application?
-----------------------------------

To access the application go to: https://fluffy-trifle-616728.netlify.app/
I encountered challenges during the deployment process, so the latest deployment has not been generated yet. As a result, the most recent version of my work is not currently available. However, you can still run the code locally to review my progress. The necessary credentials are provided in the file named dotEnvExample.


How to get a help
----------------------------
If you have any issue concern mail @uwingapassy@gmail.com
